#summary Information on different releases of BVC.

==1.3 - in progress == 

 * General code cleanup (patch from spurrymoses).
 * Added the ability to filter projects (see the config file).
 * Fix for 100% CPU utilization

==1.2 == 

 * Removed validation. It was busted anyway.

==1.1==

 * Fixed issue with save not working as expected (http://code.google.com/p/bigvisiblecruise/issues/detail?id=21&can=1)

==1.0==

 * Upgraded source to VS 2008

 * Now requires v3.5 of the .Net Framework

 * Usability enhancements to the settings

==0.7 ==

 * Lots of minor coding tweaks and reshuffling.

 * Added gui for settings configuration

 * Added keybindings for fullscreen, options, refresh

 * Removed some of the little-used features in the config (rename / filter functionality)

 * Moved settings to user-specific instead of machine-specific

==0.6 ==
 * Support for full-screen toggle with the F11 key (contribution). Enhancement from http://code.google.com/p/bigvisiblecruise/issues/detail?id=14

 * Added uniform grid visualization. Enhancement from http://code.google.com/p/bigvisiblecruise/issues/detail?id=13

 * Put in ability to load skins for alternate visualizations.

==0.5 ==

 * Support for monitoring of other cruise implementations (java, .rb, etc.) as long as they have the capability to publish the expected xml format.

==0.4==

 * Added handling of intermittent connectivity issues.

==0.3==

 * Added the ability to map project names to more humanized names through the settings file. This was an enhancement request from  http://code.google.com/p/bigvisiblecruise/issues/detail?id=4

 * Refactoring of the Dashboards setting to use a StringCollection instead of a delimited string.

 * Added the ability to filter projects that are displayed. This was an enhancement request from http://code.google.com/p/bigvisiblecruise/issues/list?updated=5&ts=1195789321

 * Removed the AggregateResolver functionality. This functionality really was overkill. Removing the functionality simplified the code a bit.


==0.2==

 * Fixed bug with 'Unknown' status http://code.google.com/p/bigvisiblecruise/issues/detail?id=1&can=1


==0.1 (Initial Release) ==

 * Initial project release.